1 ) The top 5 ideas within astronomy that sound interesting to me are 
    a) gravitational waves 
    b) large scale collisions 
    c) stellar fusion
    d) protoplanitary creation
    e) particle physics / quantum mechanics 

2) 
    a)An experiment done by the LIGO Collaboration detected the largest black hole collision 
    ever recorded. The masses of the two black holes where 137 and 103 solar masses, and even 
    those alone are suprising. There is an estimated mass gap between 60-130 stellar mass stars, 
    and yet these two existed and collided. The paper is "Gravitational Waves Reveal Most
     Massive Black Hole Merger Ever Detected" published by the Simons Foundation
    b) Researchers at Brown found a new kind of subatomic particle catagory that might be 
    able to help bridge the gap between newtonian physics and quantum mechanics. Using 
    graphene, a boron nitride crystal, and a powerful magnetic field, they where able to 
    force this type of particle to exist and mesure its proporties. "Discovery of new class
     of particles could take quantum mechanics one step further" published by Brown.
    c) Using ALMA and James Webb, researchers where able to capture photos of a newborn
     protoplanetary system emerging around HOPS-315, a sunlike system some 1300 lightyears
      away. They found important, previoulsy theorised chemical compounds like SiO, which 
      make up a large portion of earth's chemical composition. "For the first time,
       astronomers witness the dawn of a new solar system" published by the European 
       Sothern Observatory. 

3) I could use an online library to try and animate / replicate the propigation of
 the gravitational waves released by the black hole merger in my frist interest topic. 
 Using python I could help run the animations and simulate the propigation of a
  2 dimentional wave.

4) The "dream" concept would be to have a simulation / animation of the waves propigating 
around. The more realistic outcome would be to just animate the waves and explain 
their signifigance. 

